based on real events
the closer the death the more you want
live you james up from award winner
oscar ron howard who is this niki
lauda he stands for ferrari and already
nobody knows the director of apollo movies
mind games how do you enter as a senior citizen
I have no incentive to go now
faster and if i ask you
but
incredible confrontation of two
first-class tips
next time I will make you doubt
that the usual playboy so you all
love know i'm terrible you are not terrible just
you can't do otherwise to become
a champion is not enough to be fast
you really need to bang
I've been waiting for this all my life I can him
win i 'm sure he strengthened his
I mean, I have to risk too
life
welcome to the main race
decades
world champion niki lauda got
severe burns due to fire
September, talk to the day is not worth it
meet a man who is in any
moment can kill itself at the next
lap race what wife told you when
saw your face she said for
the rider is important not the face but the legs is me
blame for what happened was
it's unbearable to see you win one
race after another while I struggled with
death to some extent he helped me
back on track
42 days after the accident niki lauda
races again
their rivalry became legendary to her
death fear
can only be courage inspired
and the stem won